# Basic-Projects
A few projects that are medium as difficulty, but for my current level of programming they are a challenge.

1) **Drink Water Reminder**<br>
A pretty basic project, but gave me a lot of insights into Python and its modules: Tkinter, Time, VLC<br>
Update 1: What seems a basic concept and task is not as easy as it should have been, lesson learned.<br>
Tkinter, an okey-ish module for Python, but quite not the thing I was particularly looking for, so i switched to PyGame...<br>
Update 2: The code was doing fine, it finally started to seem like a good product, but unfortunately i was reminded that I needed an .exe to run this code on other computers without Python....and after some research I got a solution, the module cx_Freeze.
<br>Final Thoughts ~ that's what i thought : A pretty insightful project to be honest, I have been learning a lot through working on it and I think that the final product is good for my level.
The project can be downloaded from the branch under the name "Reminder App.msi", and the Python code is "drink_water.py"
<br>**_EDIT:_** That was just the start of the real question, how can I publish it......and there it was the problem, i tried using CXfreeze to generate an .exe file along with .DLL in order to be accessible to others and it did not work, sad moment. But there was another start, C# with the Windows Presentation Form(WPF). Looking back to the whole process of just making an application is kinda funny tbh...but the fact that today, 7/1/22 I have finished it is relieving. The hours of searching, learning, working are over. I came across the ClickOnce service offered by Microsoft, useful and reliable. Making it in C# was not so hard, previously I worked in Unity in the summer of 2021 and C++ was the language that I have been learning for the whole high school period. But besides the simple calculations, working with functions that I did not even knew that existed, and made me wonder what else is in store and waits for me to discover, put me through a difficult time, documenting myself on how they work, how can I use resource files and getting them to work after I publish the project. At the end of the day, I think I made a big step in my coding experience. The application can be found in the repo under the name "DrinkWater.exe". 
